Updated vllm tutorial to use vllm based container from NGC (#65)
triton-inference-server/tutorials: Quick_Deploy/vLLM/README.md

[facebook/opt-125m](https://huggingface.co/facebook/opt-125m) model on
Triton Inference Server using the Triton's
[Python-based](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/backend/blob/main/docs/python_based_backends.md#python-based-backends)
[vLLM](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/main)
backend.

*NOTE*: The tutorial is intended to be a reference example only and has [known limitations](#limitations).

## Step 1: Prepare your model repository

To use Triton, we need to build a model repository. For this tutorial we will
use the model repository, provided in the [samples](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/main/samples)
folder of [vllm_backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/main)
repository.

The following set of commands will create a `model_repository/vllm_model/1`
directory and copy 2 files:
[`model.json`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/model_repository/vllm_model/1/model.json)
and
[`config.pbtxt`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/model_repository/vllm_model/config.pbtxt),

> required to serve [facebook/opt-125m](https://huggingface.co/facebook/opt-125m) model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
required to serve the [facebook/opt-125m](https://huggingface.co/facebook/opt-125m) model.
```

*Note*: vLLM greedily consume up to 90% of the GPU's memory under default settings.
This tutorial updates this behavior by setting `gpu_memory_utilization` to 50%.
You can tweak this behavior using fields like `gpu_memory_utilization` and other settings
in [`model.json`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/model_repository/vllm_model/1/model.json).

Read through the documentation in [`model.py`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/src/model.py)
to understand how to configure this sample for your use-case.

## Step 2: Launch Triton Inference Server

Once you have the model repository setup, it is time to launch the triton server.
Starting with 23.10 release, a dedicated container with vLLM pre-installed
is available on [NGC.](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver)
To use this container to launch Triton, you can use the docker command below.
```
docker run --gpus all -it --net=host --rm -p 8001:8001 --shm-size=1G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3 tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository
```

> Here and later throughout the tutorial \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout the tutorial, \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton
```
May be helpful for readability.

> that you want to use (and pulled above). Please note, that Triton's vLLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you want to use. Please note, that Triton's vLLM
```

I don't think there is an explicit Docker pull. We could probably increase clarity and conciseness by getting rid of this.

Author: Right, it might be confusing

and
[EngineArgs](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/32b6816e556f69f1672085a6267e8516bcb8e622/vllm/engine/arg_utils.py#L11)
for supported key-value pairs. Inflight batching and paged attention is handled
by the vLLM engine.

For multi-GPU support, EngineArgs like `tensor_parallel_size` can be specified
in [`model.json`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/model_repository/vllm_model/1/model.json).

*Note*: vLLM greedily consume up to 90% of the GPU's memory under default settings.
This tutorial updates this behavior by setting `gpu_memory_utilization` to 50%.
You can tweak this behavior using fields like `gpu_memory_utilization` and other settings
in [`model.json`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/model_repository/vllm_model/1/model.json).

Read through the documentation in [`model.py`](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/src/model.py)
to understand how to configure this sample for your use-case.

## Step 2: Launch Triton Inference Server

Once you have the model repository setup, it is time to launch the triton server.

> Starting with 23.10 release, a dedicated container with pre-installed vLLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with 23.10 release, a dedicated container with vLLM pre-installed
```

is available on [NGC.](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/orgs/nvidia/containers/tritonserver)
To use this container to launch Triton, you can use the docker command below.
```
docker run --gpus all -it --net=host --rm -p 8001:8001 --shm-size=1G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-vllm-python-py3 tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository
```
Where \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton that you want to use (and

> pulled above). Please note, that Triton's vllm container was first published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pulled above). Please note, that Triton's vLLM container was first published
```

Reviewer: Alternatively, I think this part is redundant since you already said that this is starting in 23.10. So I think we can remove "Please note..."

in 23.10 release, so any prior version will not work.

After you start Triton you will see output on the console showing
the server starting up and loading the model. When you see output
like the following, Triton is ready to accept inference requests.

```
I1030 22:33:28.291908 1 grpc_server.cc:2513] Started GRPCInferenceService at 0.0.0.0:8001
I1030 22:33:28.292879 1 http_server.cc:4497] Started HTTPService at 0.0.0.0:8000
I1030 22:33:28.335154 1 http_server.cc:270] Started Metrics Service at 0.0.0.0:8002
```

## Step 3: Use a Triton Client to Send Your First Inference Request

In this tutorial, we will show how to send an inference request to the
[facebook/opt-125m](https://huggingface.co/facebook/opt-125m) model in 2 ways:

* [Using generate endpoint](#using-generate-endpoint)

> * [Using gRPC asyncio client](#using-grpc-asyncio-client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Using the gRPC asyncio client](#using-grpc-asyncio-client)
```

> ### Using Generate Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Generate Endpoint
```

After you start Triton with the sample model_repository,
you can quickly run your first inference request with the
[generate](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/protocol/extension_generate.md)
endpoint.

> Let's start Triton's SDK container first with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start Triton's SDK container with the following command:
```

```
docker run -it --net=host -v ${PWD}:/workspace/ nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-py3-sdk bash
```
Where \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton that you want to use (and
pulled above).

Now, let's send an inference request:
```
curl -X POST localhost:8000/v2/models/vllm_model/generate -d '{"text_input": "What is Triton Inference Server?", "parameters": {"stream": false, "temperature": 0}}'
```

> Upon success, you should see a response from the server as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon success, you should see a response from the server like this one:
```

```
{"model_name":"vllm_model","model_version":"1","text_output":"What is Triton Inference Server?\n\nTriton Inference Server is a server that is used by many"}
```

> ### Using gRPC asyncio client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the gRPC Asyncio Client
```

> Now we will show how to run the client within Triton's SDK container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we will see how to run the client within Triton's SDK container
```

to issue multiple async requests using the
[gRPC asyncio client](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/client/blob/main/src/python/library/tritonclient/grpc/aio/__init__.py)
library.

> This method requiers a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method requires a
```

[client.py](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/client.py)
script and a set of
[prompts](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/blob/main/samples/prompts.txt),
which are provided in the
[samples](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/main/samples)
folder of
[vllm_backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/tree/main)
repository.

Use the following command to download `client.py` and `prompts.txt` to your
current directory:
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/main/samples/client.py
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/triton-inference-server/vllm_backend/main/samples/prompts.txt
```

> Now we are ready to start Triton's SDK container as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we are ready to start Triton's SDK container:
```

```
docker run -it --net=host -v ${PWD}:/workspace/ nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:<xx.yy>-py3-sdk bash
```

> Where \<xx.yy\> is the version of Triton that you want to use (and pulled above).

Reviewer: I think you may want to have this in one place (like the first one) and not repeat it throughout for readability.

Author: removed extra mentions
